README.md, before:

# zego_call_flutter

Online/Offline call implemented using ZEGO SDK

# Libraries

- flutter_dialpad-1.0.5

  call dialpad from [pub.dev](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_dialpad)
- zego_callkit_incoming

  plugin library of android notification
- zego_offline_call

  App project, online/offline call

  - Effects:

    ![run_gif](./assets/pics/run.gif)

    | Online Notification                                         | Offline Notification(iOS)                                             | Notification(Android)                                                         | In Call                                   |
    | ----------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------- |
    | ![online-notification](./assets/pics/online-notification.jpg) | ![offline-notification-ios](./assets/pics/offline-notification-ios.jpg) | ![offline-notification-android](./assets/pics/offline-notification-android.jpg) | ![video-call](./assets/pics/video-call.jpg) |

  

# How to run

## Config AppID & AppSign

 - Go to [ZEGOCLOUD Admin Console](https://console.zegocloud.com/) to create a UIKit project.
 - Get the `AppID` and `AppSign` of the project
 - Config `yourSecretID` and `yourSecretAppSign` in **zego_offline_call/lib/app/constants.dart**

## Config offline call

If you encounter configuration issues, please consult our technical support or refer to this [article](https://www.zegocloud.com/docs/uikit/callkit-flutter/quick-start-(with-call-invitation))

> When you get the resource id from the following steps, you should configure it to `offlineResourceID` in **zego_offline_call/lib/call/constants.dart**

- android
  
  Please refer to the following steps to configure your Android project. 
  - Firebase Console and ZEGO Console Configuration
    - In the Firebase console: Create a project. (Resource may help: [Firebase Console](https://console.firebase.google.com/))
      
      [![Watch the video](https://img.youtube.com/vi/HhP7rLirCA4/default.jpg)](https://youtu.be/HhP7rLirCA4)
      
    - In the ZegoCloud console: Add FCM certificate, create a resource ID
      > In the create resource ID popup dialog, you should switch to the VoIP option for APNs, and switch to Data messages for FCM.
      
      [![Watch the video](https://img.youtube.com/vi/K3kRWyafRIY/default.jpg)](https://youtu.be/K3kRWyafRIY)
      
      When you have completed the configuration, you will obtain the resourceID. You can refer to the image below for comparison.
      ![android_resource_id](./assets/pics/android_resource_id.png)
      
    - In the Firebase console: Create an Android application and modify your code
      
     [![Watch the video](https://img.youtube.com/vi/0f9Ai2uJM5o/default.jpg)](https://youtu.be/0f9Ai2uJM5o)

  - Replace your google-service.json 

- iOS
  
  Please refer to the following steps to configure your iOS project.

  - Apple Developer Center and ZEGOCLOUD Console Configuration
    - You need to refer to [Create VoIP services certificates](https://developer.apple.com/help/account/create-certificates/create-voip-services-certificates/) to create the   VoIP service certificate, and ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​export a .p12 file on your Mac.
      [![Watch the video](https://img.youtube.com/vi/UK9AUXcTGCE/default.jpg)](https://youtu.be/UK9AUXcTGCE)
    - Add the voip service certificate .p12 file. Then, create a resource ID
      > ​In the create resource ID popup dialog, you should switch to the VoIP option for APNs, and switch to Data messages for FCM.
      
      [![Watch the video](https://img.youtube.com/vi/sYFeq7sZFEA/default.jpg)](https://youtu.be/sYFeq7sZFEA)

      When you have completed the configuration, you will obtain the resourceID. You can refer to the image below for comparison.
      ![ios_resource_id](./assets/pics/ios_resource_id.png)

Commit message:

refactor, split push parts to the zego_push

README.md, after:

# zego_call_flutter

Online/Offline call implemented using ZEGO SDK

# Libraries

- flutter_dialpad-1.0.5

  call dialpad from [pub.dev](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_dialpad)

- zego_callkit_incoming

  plugin library of android notification

- zego_push

  plugin library of push

- zego_call

  App project, online/offline call

  - Effects:

    ![run_gif](./assets/pics/run.gif)

    | Online Notification                                         | Offline Notification(iOS)                                             | Notification(Android)                                                         | In Call                                   |
    | ----------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------- |
    | ![online-notification](./assets/pics/online-notification.jpg) | ![offline-notification-ios](./assets/pics/offline-notification-ios.jpg) | ![offline-notification-android](./assets/pics/offline-notification-android.jpg) | ![video-call](./assets/pics/video-call.jpg) |

  

# How to run

## Config AppID & AppSign

 - Go to [ZEGOCLOUD Admin Console](https://console.zegocloud.com/) to create a UIKit project.
 - Get the `AppID` and `AppSign` of the project
 - Config `yourSecretID` and `yourSecretAppSign` in **zego_call/lib/app/constants.dart**

## Config offline call

If you encounter configuration issues, please consult our technical support or refer to this [article](https://www.zegocloud.com/docs/uikit/callkit-flutter/quick-start-(with-call-invitation))

> When you get the resource id from the following steps, you should configure it to `offlineResourceID` in **zego_call/lib/call/constants.dart**

- android
  
  Please refer to the following steps to configure your Android project. 
  - Firebase Console and ZEGO Console Configuration
    - In the Firebase console: Create a project. (Resource may help: [Firebase Console](https://console.firebase.google.com/))
      
      [![Watch the video](https://img.youtube.com/vi/HhP7rLirCA4/default.jpg)](https://youtu.be/HhP7rLirCA4)
      
    - In the ZegoCloud console: Add FCM certificate, create a resource ID
      > In the create resource ID popup dialog, you should switch to the VoIP option for APNs, and switch to Data messages for FCM.
      
      [![Watch the video](https://img.youtube.com/vi/K3kRWyafRIY/default.jpg)](https://youtu.be/K3kRWyafRIY)
      
      When you have completed the configuration, you will obtain the resourceID. You can refer to the image below for comparison.
      ![android_resource_id](./assets/pics/android_resource_id.png)
      
    - In the Firebase console: Create an Android application and modify your code
      
     [![Watch the video](https://img.youtube.com/vi/0f9Ai2uJM5o/default.jpg)](https://youtu.be/0f9Ai2uJM5o)

  - Replace your google-service.json 

- iOS
  
  Please refer to the following steps to configure your iOS project.

  - Apple Developer Center and ZEGOCLOUD Console Configuration
    - You need to refer to [Create VoIP services certificates](https://developer.apple.com/help/account/create-certificates/create-voip-services-certificates/) to create the   VoIP service certificate, and ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​export a .p12 file on your Mac.
      [![Watch the video](https://img.youtube.com/vi/UK9AUXcTGCE/default.jpg)](https://youtu.be/UK9AUXcTGCE)
    - Add the voip service certificate .p12 file. Then, create a resource ID
      > ​In the create resource ID popup dialog, you should switch to the VoIP option for APNs, and switch to Data messages for FCM.
      
      [![Watch the video](https://img.youtube.com/vi/sYFeq7sZFEA/default.jpg)](https://youtu.be/sYFeq7sZFEA)

      When you have completed the configuration, you will obtain the resourceID. You can refer to the image below for comparison.
      ![ios_resource_id](./assets/pics/ios_resource_id.png)
